Add Antora docs with the Decidim documentation format (#99)
decidim/decidim-bulletin-board: docs/modules/develop/pages/testing.adoc

= How to test the Bulletin Board

> The Bulletin Board is composed by several parts, so there are different tests suites to test every part:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bulletin Board is composed of several parts, so there are different tests suites for each part:
```

* The Rails app has a suite of unit and integration tests for the API server.

* The client gem has a suite of integration tests, mocking the server responses.

> * The client JS library also has it's own test suite to test the trustee and voter components behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The client JS library also has its own test suite to test the trustee and voter components behaviour.
```

> * Each voting scheme has it's own integration tests to ensure that the trustee, voter and bulletin board wrappers work well together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each voting scheme has its own integration tests to ensure that the trustee, voter and bulletin board wrappers work well together.
```
